expose OUTGOING_WEBHOOK_TIMEOUT as env var (#3801)
grafana/oncall: docs/sources/outgoing-webhooks/_index.md

The destination URL the outgoing webhook will make a request to. This must be a FQDN.

> ⚠️ **Note** the destination server must respond back within 4 seconds (by default) or it will result in a timeout

> > This timeout is configurable via the environment variable OUTGOING_WEBHOOK_TIMEOUT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> For open source deployments, this timeout is configurable by setting the environment variable OUTGOING_WEBHOOK_TIMEOUT
```
